Welcome back one of the important things about this Microservice section is that we would be developing
a lot of components.
We would be installing at least seven different projects and therefore it's very important to standardize
the ports on which we would run these applications.
So if you're going to github repository spring micro services and going to the folders 0 3 Microservices
that's where all the code for this section of the Course is present for the micro.
service section of the Course is present and if you scroll further down you'd see a list of ports that we would
be using for each of these components.
So for the limit service we would always be using 8080 and 8081 and so on for the currency exchange service.
It's 8000.
And the next number is currency conversion service would be eight thousand one hundred and so on the
spring cloud config server Netflix Eureka naming server Zuul API Gateway Server.
and zipkin Distributed Tracing Server you'd be using their default ports which for Sping cloud
config server its 8888 naming server its 8761, 8765 and 9411.
This is one thing you need to be focused on when we are creating a component.
Make sure that you're using the right tool you would stress that during the course a lot as well.
This would ensure that there is no confusion about which application or which component you are really making
use of.
The other thing is the URLs because there are so many components that means they are lot of
URLs as well.
Some of the URLs are really large as well so if you look at the currency exchange services the currency
conversion service especially when we are going through zuul these comp URL might get really
complex.
So if you're facing any problems with the URLs then you can come over to this U R L section.
This contains all the URLs that we make use of in this course.
So if you are facing a problem in creating URL for something then you can start from here.
So this is the URL section just below the port section.
That's it.
Those are two things that are important to this course in this video.
until the next video bye bye.